Activites of software test process:

1)  Test planning and control

  a) Test planning has below objectives:
  
      To determine test approach.
      To find scope and risks and objectives of testing.
      To find exit criteria such as coverage criteria.
      
  b) Test control has below objectives:
      To provide information on testing.
      To initiate corrective actions.
      To make decisions.
      
      

2)  Analysis and design
      
     Major tasks are as follows:
      To design the tests.
      To review the test basis.
      To identify test conditions.
      

3)  Implementation and execution

   Test implementation makes use of things such as test cases designed wrt test conditions,
   test scripts for automation and testing infrastructure.
   
   Major tasks are :
    To create test suites and individual tests.
    
    To execute test suites and individual tests.
    
    Comparing test results with expected results.
    
    To implement the testing environment.
    
    To log the test results for audit trail.
    

4)  Evaluating exit criteria and Reporting
   Exit criteria depends on the level of risk assessment of the project.
   They come into picture when :
      When deadlines are achieved.
      When rates of bugs captured is below a certain level.
      Maximum test cases are executed with a certain pass percentage.
      



5)  Test closure and activities
    Test closure activities are done when the software is delivered or any other of following reasons:
    Project is cancelled.
    Target is achieved.
    All necessary information is obtained for testing.
    Update is done or project reaches a maintenance state.
    
    
 UNIT TESTING (component level testing):
     Most basic form of testing.
     Aim is to find errors in design and implementation of individual components, interfaces and program structure.
     
    
INTEGRATION TESTING:
    A group of components are tested together to ensure quality.
    Focus is to uncover errors in architecture.
    Rescource intergration and environment integration.
    Integration between the components.
    
 FUNCTION VALIDATION TESTING:
   This testing is based on the requirements to ensure we deliver the right product.
   Focus is to uncover errors in :
   System input/output.
   System interfaces.
   System information data and functions.
   User information.

SYSTEM TESTING:
   The entire system is tested as a whole to make sure the elements are meshed properly and 
   necessary performance is achieved.
   Focus is uncover the
   system performance
   system reliability and recovery
   system behaviour like stress and load testing   
   integration of external software into the system.

















